{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset128 HiraKakuPro-W3;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green58\blue155;\red35\green110\blue37;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 About 4Peaks:\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b0 \cf0 4Peaks helps molecular biologists to visualize and edit their DNA trace files, made by nucleobytes.com. We write innovative Mac and iOS software for scientists and researchers, including award-winning applications like EnzymeX, Findings and Manuscripts.\
         \
4Peaks is distributed as a freeware program. Redistribution is permitted, but only in its original form, including all additional files.\
     
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf2 Engineering & Human Interface Design:
\b0 \cf0 \
Alexander Griekspoor\
\

\b \cf2 Documentation:
\b0 \cf0 \
Tom Groothuis\
\

\b \cf2 Icon Design:
\b0 \cf0 \
Marcello Luppi (@wrinklypea)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Plugin Architecture & SDK:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 John Timmer
\f1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0 \cf0        \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf2 Testing & Feedback:
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 Lennert Janssen, Mathijs Voorhoeve, Charles Parnot\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf2 Coding & Bugfixing Support:
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 Serge Cohen\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf2 Frameworks & Code Libraries:
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 iolib (from the Staden Package) by James Bonfield, Kathryn Beal, Mark Jordan, Yaping Cheng, and Roger Staden.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf2 http://staden.sourceforge.net/\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
4Peaks would not have existed without this wonderful piece of software, and we are extremely grateful to their authors.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf2 Support:
\b0 \cf0 \
We are very grateful for the support we have received from our former employer, The Netherlands Cancer Institute (http://www.nki.nl).\
        \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Citation:
\b0 \cf0 \
4Peaks by A. Griekspoor and Tom Groothuis, nucleobytes.com.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf2 Suggestions, reactions or comments:
\b0 \cf0 \
All feedback is highly appreciated! Tell us what you think of our program, what you use it for, and what you would like to see in a next version. Please visit our website by selecting "Feedback on 4Peaks" from the 4Peaks menu. Alternatively, you can directly contact us at feedback@nucleobytes.com.\
\

\b \cf2 Resources:\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b0 \cf0 For more information about sequencing we strongly suggest taking a look at the documentation. To do so, select 4Peaks Help from the Help menu.\
Although we have worked hard to assure accuracy, we cannot fully guarantee the correctness and completeness of the data produced. If you have any corrections or additional information, please let us know via feedback@nucleobytes.com \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf2 With special thanks to:\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b0 \cf0 We would like to thank the helpful people of the Apple developer community.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf2 Disclaimer:
\b0 \cf0 \
Use and enjoy 4Peaks at your own risk. The authors can never be kept responsible for any possible damage, waste of time or materials, resulting from the use of 4Peaks or wrong information provided by 4Peaks.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li560\fi-560
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 Nucleobytes BV AND the authors of this software DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL Nucleobytes BV BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li560
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li560\fi-560

\b \cf2 Permission Notice and Disclaimer  iolib\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li560

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx960\tx1060\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\tx10560\tx11520\tx12480\tx13440\tx14400\tx15360\tx16320\tx17280\tx18240\tx19200\tx20160\tx21120\tx22080\tx23040\tx24000\tx24960\tx25920\tx26880\tx27840\tx28800\tx29760\tx30720\tx31680\tx32640\tx33600\tx34560\tx35520\tx36480\tx37440\tx38400\tx39360\tx40320\tx41280\tx42240\tx43200\tx44160\tx45120\tx46080\tx47040\tx48000\tx48960\tx49920\tx50880\tx51840\tx52800\tx53760\tx54720\tx55680\tx56640\tx57600\tx58560\tx59520\tx60480\tx61440\tx62400\tx63360\tx64320\tx65280\tx66240\tx67200\tx68160\tx69120\tx70080\tx71040\tx72000\tx72960\tx73920\tx74880\tx75840\tx76800\tx77760\tx78720\tx79680\tx80640\tx81600\tx82560\tx83520\tx84480\tx85440\tx86400\tx87360\tx88320\tx89280\tx90240\tx91200\tx92160\tx93120\tx94080\tx95040\tx96000
\pard\tx960\tx1060\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\tx10560\tx11520\tx12480\tx13440\tx14400\tx15360\tx16320\tx17280\tx18240\tx19200\tx20160\tx21120\tx22080\tx23040\tx24000\tx24960\tx25920\tx26880\tx27840\tx28800\tx29760\tx30720\tx31680\tx32640\tx33600\tx34560\tx35520\tx36480\tx37440\tx38400\tx39360\tx40320\tx41280\tx42240\tx43200\tx44160\tx45120\tx46080\tx47040\tx48000\tx48960\tx49920\tx50880\tx51840\tx52800\tx53760\tx54720\tx55680\tx56640\tx57600\tx58560\tx59520\tx60480\tx61440\tx62400\tx63360\tx64320\tx65280\tx66240\tx67200\tx68160\tx69120\tx70080\tx71040\tx72000\tx72960\tx73920\tx74880\tx75840\tx76800\tx77760\tx78720\tx79680\tx80640\tx81600\tx82560\tx83520\tx84480\tx85440\tx86400\tx87360\tx88320\tx89280\tx90240\tx91200\tx92160\tx93120\tx94080\tx95040\tx96000

\cf0 Copyright (c) Medical Research Council 1994. All rights reserved.\
\
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that this copyright and notice appears in all copies. This library was written by James Bonfield, Simon Dear, Rodger Staden, as part of the Staden Package at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Hills Road, Cambridge, CB2 2QH, United Kingdom.\
\
MRC disclaims all warranties with regard to this software.
\f2\fs20 \cf3 \CocoaLigature0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\'a9 2004-2015 Nucleobytes B.V.\
}